kbs: ITA: Documentation update. (#675)
confidential-containers/trustee: kbs/docs/config.md

| `timeout`                | Integer      | The maximum time (in minutes) between RCAR handshake's `auth` and `attest` requests                                                                                        | No       | 5       |
| `base_url`               | String       | Intel Trust Authority API URL.                                                                                                                                             | Yes      | -       |
| `api_key`                | String       | Intel Trust Authority API key.                                                                                                                                             | Yes      | -       |
| `certs_file`             | String       | URL to an Intel Trust Authority portal or path to JWKS file used for token verification.                                                                                   | Yes      | -       |
| `policy_ids`             | String array | Quoted and comma-separated list of policy IDs defined in ITA portal.                                                                                                       | No       | `[]`    |

> | `allow_unmatched_policy` | Boolean      | If `policy_ids` is not specified, parameter is ignored and ignores result of policy matching. <br/> Otherwise, define whether result of policy matching should be ignored. | No       | false   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `allow_unmatched_policy` | Boolean      | If `policy_ids` is empty, this setting is ignored. By default, the listed policies must always match. Enabling this flag relaxes that requirement. | No       | false   |
```

Author: In my opinion `By default` here is misleading, beacuse by default `policy_ids` are empty

so the true default behavior is that policies does not have to match

Reviewer 2: How about "Whether policy matching is required. If no `policy_ids` are specified, policy matching is not checked."

Reviewer: Souunds good to me. FWIW, we are also considering changing the flag name (the flag was used for a slightly different purpose originally) to follow the API conventions (e.g, `policy_must_match`).
